---
layout: ../../layouts/Subpage.astro
title: Privacy Policy
---

## 1. Privacy Policy at a Glance

### General Information

The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is any data that can be used to personally identify you. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy listed below this text.

### Data Collection on This Website

#### Who is Responsible for Data Collection on This Website?

The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the "Responsible Party" section of this privacy policy.

#### How Do We Collect Your Data?

Your data is collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter into a contact form.

Other data is automatically collected or provided with your consent when you visit the website through our IT systems. This primarily includes technical data (e.g., internet browser, operating system, or time of page access). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.

#### What Do We Use Your Data For?

Some of the data is collected to ensure the error-free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user behavior.

#### What Rights Do You Have Regarding Your Data?

You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient, and purpose of your stored personal data free of charge at any time. You also have the right to request the correction or deletion of this data. If you have given your consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time for the future. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.

For these purposes and for any further questions regarding data protection, you can always contact us.

## 2. Hosting

We host the content of our website with the following provider:

### External Hosting

This website is hosted externally. The personal data collected on this website is stored on the servers of the hosting provider(s). This may include IP addresses, contact requests, metadata and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website access, and other data generated by a website.

External hosting is carried out to fulfill our contract with potential and existing customers (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) and in the interest of providing a secure, fast, and efficient online presence by a professional provider (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). If consent has been requested, the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) German Federal Data Protection Act (TTDSG) regarding the storage of cookies or access to information on the user's device (e.g., device fingerprinting). Consent can be revoked at any time.

Our hosting provider(s) will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfill their performance obligations and will follow our instructions regarding this data.

We use the following hosting provider(s):

```
netcup GmbH
Daimlerstraße 25
D-76185 Karlsruhe
```

#### Data Processing Agreement

We have concluded a data processing agreement (DPA) with the above-mentioned service provider. This is a legally required contract that ensures that the service provider processes personal data of our website visitors only according to our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.

## 3. General Information and Mandatory Information

### Data Protection

The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.

When you use this website, various personal data is collected. Personal data is data that can be used to personally identify you. This privacy policy explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done.

We would like to point out that data transmission over the internet (e.g., communication by email) may have security vulnerabilities. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

### Responsible Party

The responsible party for data processing on this website is:

```
Christoph Omid Hohnerlein
mail@faradgang.berlin
```

The responsible party is the natural or legal person who, alone or jointly with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g., names, email addresses, etc.).

### Data Retention

Unless a specific retention period is mentioned within this privacy policy, your personal data will be stored by us until the purpose for processing the data no longer applies. If you request deletion, revoke your consent to the storage, or if the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g., after the completion of your request), we will delete your personal data in compliance with applicable legal requirements.

### General Information on the Legal Basis for Data Processing on This Website

If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data, we will process your data on the basis of Art. 6
